[GH-779]: DOC: Images in plugin docs now have descriptive names (#782)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira: docs/administrator-guide/notification-management.md

If your organization's infrastructure is set up in such a way that your Mattermost instance can't connect to your Jira instance, you won't be able to use the Channel Subscriptions feature. Instead, you'll need to use the Legacy Webhooks feature (the first iteration of the webhooks feature supported by the Jira plugin).

1. As a Jira System Administrator, go to **Jira Settings > System > WebHooks**.
   - For older versions of Jira, select the gear icon in bottom left corner, then go to **Advanced > WebHooks**.
2. Select **Create a WebHook** to create a new webhook. Enter a **Name** for the webhook and add the Jira webhook URL [https://SITEURL/plugins/jira/webhook?secret=WEBHOOKSECRET&team=TEAMURL&channel=CHANNELURL](https://SITEURL/plugins/jira/webhook?secret=WEBHOOKSECRET&team=TEAMURL&channel=CHANNELURL) \(for Jira 2.1\) as the **URL**.

>    - Replace `TEAMURL` and `CHANNELURL` with the Mattermost team URL and channel URL you want the Jira events to post to. The values should be in lower case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Replace `TEAMURL` and `CHANNELURL` with the Mattermost team URL and channel URL where you want to receive the Jira notifications. For example, if your Mattermost channel's full URL is `https://mattermost.example.com/myteam/channels/mychannel`, the `TEAMURL` would be `myteam`, and the `CHANNELURL` would be `mychannel`.
```
